Update journaling.md with duplicate journal report scenarios (#2444)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/security-and-compliance/journaling/journaling.md

Journaling always identifies messages as internal if the email address in the SMTP **MAIL FROM** command is in a domain that's configured as an accepted domain in Exchange Online. This includes spoofed messages from external sources (messages where the **X-MS-Exchange-Organization-AuthAs** header value is also Anonymous). Therefore, journal rules that are scoped to external messages won't be triggered by spoofed messages with SMTP **MAIL FROM** email addresses in accepted domains.

### Duplicate journal report scenarios in a hybrid Exchange environment

> In an Exchange hybrid environment, the following scenarios are known to result in duplicate journal reports and these are considered by design:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a hybrid Exchange environment, the following scenarios are known to result in duplicate journal reports and these are considered by design:
```

> >1. Cloud to Cloud: Any situations where email is forked will lead to duplicate journaling, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Cloud to cloud**: Any situations where email is forked will lead to duplicate journaling, such as:
```

> >>>a. Transport chipping (too many recipients on the message).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Transport chipping (too many recipients on the message).
```

> >>>b. Internal and External recipients exist on the same message – two forks are created for spam/phishing purposes (one in which internal recipients exist, and one in which external recipients exist).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Internal and external recipients exist on the same message – two forks are created for spam/phishing purposes (one in which internal recipients exist, and one in which external recipients exist).
```

> >>>c. Any future needs where cloud needs to fork the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Any future needs where the cloud needs to fork the message.
```

> >2. OnPrem to Cloud: Once when onprem journals and once when cloud journals. This can be prevented by implenting the PreventDupJournaling flight in a tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>2. On-premises to cloud: Once when on-premises journals and once when the cloud journals. This can be prevented by implementing the PreventDupJournaling flight in a tenant.
```

> >3. Cloud to OnPrem: After cloud has journaled, then on-prem journaled. We cannot prevent this scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Cloud to on-premises**: After the cloud has journaled, on-premises journals. We cannot prevent this scenario.
```
